Welcome to the answers for the quiz statement and billions and let's go ahead to the first question
straight away we have this question Is Hello World printed.
And that's the source code so if true and false then print will be executed.
So as you can see we have this condition which says true and false and as and needs to have true on
both sides in order to be true and total This statement is going to be false.
So the statement here is going to be incorrect or it is going to be false.
So the statement will not print this code here or execute this line here.
So the answer to this question is No.
So the correct answer will be B.
All right.
Now let's check out the second one is.
Hello world.
Printed in this case.
If true or false then print Hello world.
So in this case we have.
True or false.
And whenever we have or as a connector only one of the sides has to be true.
So either the left hand side has to be true or the right hand side has to be true in order for the whole
statement to return true.
And as we have one true in here the whole statement is going to be true which means that this code will
be executed which means that the answer is A.
All right.
Now let's check out.
Question number three in order to sign contracts a person must usually be of legal age in most countries
that's 18 years old.
How would you formulate this condition with Python.
Note the difference between less than and less or equal than or greater than and greater or equal than.
Also check the incident where a person is 18 years old.
Mentally in your head even though this might be difficult to put your hands in your head.
All right so let's just check out the potential answers so we have a where age is greater.
18.
Well that means dead.
Age is 19 and any higher number than that.
So this statement is incorrect because a person must be 18 years old or older.
Now let's check out the age is lower or less than 18 and that's of course incorrect because only the
person is older than 18.
Or he can sign a contract.
Then we have C..
Age is greater or equal 18.
And this statement here is the correct answer.
Why is that.
Because here we include every higher number than 18 and 18.
It itself as well so we have 18 and higher.
Which is exactly what we wanted.
So a person has to be 18 years old or older.
And then we have this age less than equal 18.
While it's correct for the 18 itself it's incorrect for less then.
Now you could of course argue this statement here in order to sign contracts and must a person must
usually be of legal age 18 years old that is already pretty tricky because this year would just say
that is it that the person has to be exactly 18 years old.
So none of the answers would be correct but a person has to be at least 18 years old.
So the correct answer is going to be c..
I hope you could answer those questions easily and if not I hope you understood what I just explained.
And then in the next we we're going to check out the in operator.
So see you there.